Hi.
We didn't this lecture we agreeing to see the necessary steps to take in order to configure app in a
proper way so that we won't get rejected from the App Store.
And also we will have a good app store optimization configuration for example.
Over here you will see something called subtitles.
OK so this is kind of optional but don't let this kind of opportunity go because it's optional.
You have to provide a good subtitle over here explaining your app and explaining your app in a good
short way so that when a user searches for your app like be the keyword or something your app can display
in upper positions.
OK.
So app store actually works kind of Google.
Maybe you have heard the term and a search engine optimization before.
So this is kind of things that you do to get a good visibility on Google.
And in here we have App Store optimization.
And again these kinds of things that you do to get a good visibility on the App Store.
So here you can provide a good subtitle for your app and after that we have other sections as well.
So for example here we have this Privacy Policy your URL so you have to have a privacy policy.
According to Apple in every app so that you can let your user know what kind of data you're gathering
from them and what are you doing with that data.
So after releasing of GDP far and every other personal policies personal data protection policies this
became one of the most important topics in the Apple as well.
So I'm going to show you how to create one.
So if you come over to Google and search for privacy policy ie your less app generator.
OK so yep this makes you makes much more sense privacy policy generator for U.S. apps.
If you search for that you're going to get a lot of free the results a lot of free tools.
For example I'm going to go for this first one a privacy policy generator.
So we're going to create our privacy policy from this tool and you're going to have to put that up on
a website and give it's your round to the apple.
So if you don't have a website yet you will see how to create one in the next section as well.
So for app name I'm going to say app store test for example.
OK.
So this is app store test and for contact information I'm just going to give my name.
I'm just doing this for an example I haven't even used this tool before.
I'm just showing you that this is very easy to find and create.
So let me just say yep it asks for what kind of personally identifiable information that I'm collecting.
This is something like email address telephone number and personal address mailing address and everything.
So for example I'm just going to go with e-mail and telephone and for a platform I'm going to go for
AOS and are they using any term party services for example.
I'm not using google play services.
Maybe I'm just using firebase analytics.
So I have to include this in my privacy policy as well.
If I click on generate it will create this policy for me.
So if you're working for a big company of course your low years may generate that for you but if you're
just developing for your own as an individual you're more than welcome to find a free privacy policy.
And I really suggest you read that of course in order to detect if there is something funny over here.
But I believe there is not in this case for example over here you'd say that yeah we're collecting your
e-mail and telephone and we're using some term party services like firebase analytics.
So it's informing the user of what we're doing about their privacy.
OK.
So you can come over here you can check to see for security for example the app you're collecting some
personal information and we are doing our best to protect that information.
OK.
And on the bottom of this page you will see there is an advertising for this Web site.
So you're more than welcome to copy all of this and delete the last line from here and paste it in your
web site so that you can get.
It's your URL and provide it as a privacy policy to Apple.
So if you don't do that your app will get rejected.
So make sure you complete the step before you tried to up the upload your app.
After that if you're developing for Apple TV it will ask you for a privacy policy as well.
And we don't want to deal with that right now.
And over here we have to choose some categories.
For example let me choose entertainment from here.
And of course you can choose a second one if you want but this is optional.
For example let me go for lifestyle and over here.
Let's see.
Yeah.
We have this bond the it's already selected for us and I believe that's OK for this page.
Let me save this.
And on the left hand side you will see the pricing and availability.
So if you want to sell your app you can choose a price from here of course it has its own price his
own range.
And if you want free you can choose the first one to sell your app for zero dollars.
So after you've saved this and I believe there is some kind of other options over here like if you're
selling your app for a price you can just do a discount for educational institutions by selecting this
option over here.
Since we're releasing for free I'm not going to go over these options and then later on I think we are
done with the pricing.
So if you click over here to prepare for submission you will see some other options as well.
And these are important.
And here you can see the submit for review but then after you're done with everything you can submit
your app.
Here you see these screenshots of our app.
So you're going to have to take some screenshots and upload them over here and taking screenshots is
actually very easy using simulators or you can use your own phone for example you can just take a screenshot
with your app running and just upload it from your phone to over here.
Right now I'm just going to show you how to do that with simulator so that you can take some different
screen sizes and upload them to the App Store as well.
So let me run this OK and once my simulator runs I'm going to show you to take a screenshot from the
simulator menu not the regular rate that you take a screen shot in the back office.
So once it gets loaded click on your simulator and you're going to have to go to your simulator menu
from file.
You can just say new screenshot and it will take a screenshot of the current page and save it to your
desktop.
And as you can see we're just seeing a blank page and it doesn't make sense but that's how you get a
screenshot later on.
You can just take this and upload or here.
And I believe these sizes don't fit with this one let me try it 5.5 inch display.
No it doesn't work like that as well.
And I believe iPhone X R is not one of these sizes.
So we have to go for either six point five or 5.5 inches.
So let me try iPhone 7 or iPhone 8.
I believe it was something like iPhone 8.
Let's try with the iPhone 8 and if it doesn't work we're going to have to find it eventually anyway.
So let me just go back one Violet's loading.
I'm going to show you the other information as well.
So here we have this promotional text and description.
So these are very important for App Store optimization again.
So you're going to have to write its short summary a promotional text over here.
So this is sharp and description will be long.
So we have like 4000 characters over here.
So you're going to have to write anything that is related to your app.
So make sure you include the important keywords in this description as well.
For example if you're doing a movie social media application about the movies.
Make sure you include words like movie directors ratings and stuff.
And in the keywords it's same as well.
So you have to include the important keywords so that when people search for that keyword they can see
your app in the App Store search.
So that's it.
And Lee how does support your url.
So this is something like a contact information.
So if any user wants to connect with you about your app they may have to go to your Web site so that
they can click on the contact section so that they can send you an e-mail and stuff.
So make sure you provide your web address to the support yourself as well.
And below we have this marketing your URL and this is optional.
So if you want to market your app if you want to display some additionally information about your app
in your Web site make sure you provide it's in the marketing your URL but that's optional.
So our iPhone 8 is ready so let me take a screenshot and test this.
So let me come over here and try to bring this in.
So let's go for this.
And this doesn't work.
Let's see if this is 5.5.
Yep.
It doesn't work as well.
And I believe we have to search for it right now because apparently I don't know the screen sizes for
iPhones very well.
So iPhone six point five inch is for iPhone X s and let's see what 5.5 was.
Yeah it was six plus eight x plus seven plus or eight plus.
So it's not iPhone 8 it's iPhone 8.
Plus I don't even have iPhone 8 plus.
So let me create that simulator over here.
So let me come and choose iPhone 8 plus.
Okay.
And let me give it a name so let me call his iPhone 8 plus and close this down and run this in my simulator.
But before that I'm going to quit out of that one and I'm going to run this in iPhone 8 plus I'm not
going to actually upload this to the App Store on submitted for review.
But anyway I just want to show you that this actually works.
So let me delete this and come back over here.
So let me go down so that we can see the other information over here.
So in this right hand section we have some person lead formation.
That's why I'm blurring over here.
OK.
So that you cannot see my address and you cannot see my telephone number and stuff.
And on the left hand side we have this app store icon and we have this version.
So make sure one point always selected if you're releasing if you're uploading it for the first time.
And over here you can just choose any app store I can that you want and you're going to know how to
do that in the design section later on.
OK.
So if you come over here you will see app review information here you're going to have to provide your
username and the password and your contact information so that if any technical person from Apple team
wants to contact you they can contact you using this information.
OK.
So that they may ask you something about your app before they accept or reject.
So in the version release this is important.
So to medically release this version means that once Apple accepts this it will get released to the
App Store immediately.
And if you don't want that you can just go for manually release this version after Apple actually accepts
your app.
You then choose then to make it official.
Then to make it published in the App Store.
If you come over here to release this version at the specific date you can just choose a time.
And before that time if Apple accepts your application now you can just upload it to the App Store anytime
you want.
So let me take another screenshots and let me try this one.
Hopefully this time it will work.
And here you go.
Now it works.
And of course just uploading one picture won't do the job you're going to have to upload like a several
of them in each sizes.
OK.
So after you're done over here you can come to other tabs as well.
And I believe we are almost done because we have gone over every detail.
So let me save this information.
Now let me go to these features.
So if you're using something like inner purchases or Game Center you can adjust your settings from here.
OK.
And we have this test flight.
This is a testing tool so if you want to have test users before you release your app you can use that
tool to test your app and create some test users and a rethink and indie activity tab.
You can actually track your app versions.
So if you change your app for Vita updates for example you can see the older builds from here.
This menu how we how to upload our actual app to here so that we can submit for review.
Let's do that in the next lecture.